Poi TODO
--------

    Items marked with ** are show-stoppers for beta release 

    Possible features for inclusion:
    --------------------------------
    
    o Link Areas and Plone groups. This way, all UI postings should fire
        a mail to the UI team, for example.
        - Can do this with column in availableAreas grid, but need better
            management of who can do this, or we'll get every project on
            plone.org sending emails to every random team. :)
        - Perhaps we therefore need to be a bit more discrimating with the
            manager role
    
    o In-form transition for Issues in the same way issues are transitioned
        by responses (to make processing a "new" issue a one-step process)

    o Add fixed-in version to issue schema (should be able to set on response
        and affect issue)

    o Only install PoiPscTracker when PSC is detected (may be difficult with
        current ArchGenXML)

    o Optional (!) ATSchemaEditorNG integration to get a set of variable
        fields on a per-use-case basis (need to retain standard fields
        always; only if it can be done cleanly and with little/no performance
        overhead)
    
    o XML import/export of issues
        - Should look at PCNG's export format in particular
        - Should allow partial updates, e.g. change issue, add new issue,
            over XML
    
    Fixes:
    ------
    
    Bugs/Known issues:

        o Deleting a response will cause issue text to remain in issue
            SearchableText until a re-index (manage_beforeDelete?)

        o _renameAfterCreation() counter is not thread safe
        
        o Sending notification should happen in at_post_create_script(), not
            in _renameAfterCreation(), but an Archetypes bug prevents this
            since the hook is called after each save, not only the first one!

    Security issues:

        o Add max-size validator on uploaded attachments?

    User interface:

        o Issues-by-tag UI on tracker front page needs more thinking
            - Need a quick and easy way to find issues by tag
            - Need a quick and easy way to add tags to issues
            
        o The edit tab on issues is becoming very long. Consider re-organising
            it.

        o Turn off editable border in edit responses screen

        o Would be nice to link to releases when in PSC view

        o No way to specify sort order in issue search form, and no sensible
            way of sorting by severity

        o Want to have sortable tables, but they look funny without nosort if
            the title makes a row two lines long or more

        o May be confusing to track issue progress if users edit a response
            and change the issue state, e.g. using a response in the middle.
            Workflow history will still work, of course

        o Verify i18n tags and translations

    Tests:
    
        o Functional tests for standard operations
    
        o Should increase unit test coverage
            - Tests for tracker and issue states (permissions)
            - Actual sending of notification emails (need dummy mail host)
            - Vocab + defaults methods